friends here.
We're going to see three more different operations on your given string.
They are like Count index and find operations.
See?
No,
you can easily understand.
Condo.
Operation County is nothing.
But just so you know what,
you're having some string in that given string apart little character.
How many times it is appearing in a given string?
Father,
you're using Kondo operation.
Let me open my terminal here also.
I mean by potential.
Quite uncommon.
Lane.
Let's say X equals to fight on is easy on.
It is popular.
Languish tex dot cone.
Right,
I'm going to count.
How many times?
Letter word.
Easy is there or I'm going to count.
Only butler character Noble.
You can check it.
Right.
Oregon chickpea Oregon.
Check Leterrier.
Right.
You can check Butler character,
or some would also let's say I'm going to check.
Ah,
easy.
And every easy.
What is that?
Only one time.
So how many times that butler,
word or character is appearing in a given string to come to that?
You're using count operation,
right?
No eggs off.
Index.
This is the next operation.
Let's say I want to find the index off.
Letter P the very first letter peas.
They're very force to character.
P is there.
We know what number If you're saying string in this way,
we help us to nexus as well as 19 X is if it comes with a pause to let trapeze or Jiro.
But at the same time,
some very Hopi here and here.
But you are index,
will you by default.
Whatever the index operation,
you haven't given string that we look from left to right on the very first.
Wherever you are getting p,
that index,
it will do.
But in case if you want to look from particular position,
I want to look from index one.
That means you are skipping index zero.
You're not searching from index zero.
You're starting from the next one to last.
Yes,
from where?
How now?
Injured off 25th.
I'm looking from contest six,
then 27.
Easy.
How one more p later Offer that.
Do how anything?
Let's say I am searching from 28.
You don't have that string that given after the 28th Index.
That's where I'm getting an error,
right?
Not only that,
you can check with,
like ease,
so let me check with from starting?
Yes.
Somewhere in seventh index is what is starting.
I indexes seven.
But if it tried to look after some Butler Index,
I want to look from 23 after 23 Index.
You don't know he's word that's really giving an error.
That's why.
You know,
if Butler thing is there any given string you can go on such with the index to get the
index value off your given string.
But anyway,
index operation is sometimes,
you know,
it is giving bad result in this week,
right?
So what I can do?
Is he x Sadat?
Find some.
What I'm doing is or let's say on a single character be I want to look from secondly legs.
Yes.
Somewhere 25th.
I want to look from Candace ext.
Index.
Yes,
somewhere 27.
I mean pillories there.
Conjurer equation 25th Operation 27.
Situation.
I want to look from 28.
You're getting minus one means no.
After 28 you don't have any p letter.
Any given string?
See comfort to index.
Right.
You can simply forget a border index operation.
Just better to remember.
Only find operation.
Of course you have both the things,
but it's Barretto.
You remember,
Find Operation Toe find index off your particular spring or a character.
So how find is going to work?
If that but little character or what is there,
it will do the next off that,
or it will do minus one if it is if it is not their support.
After 28 index from 28 index off to last You don't have any P letter B character and given
string.
That's what is giving minus one.
Now you've dis reserved these minus one than you can say that this Butler string that this
Butler character is not present from 28th to Last Index are some songs.
So in next to last,
let's say,
in entire string,
I'm looking for letter calls ERT or string character called said,
You don't have that any given string because you're string is like X.
You don't have anywhere desert in this string.
That's why ex dot final give minus one right?
So this find is very,
very helpful in your real time engine off cone,
Of course,
county is also useful,
but find is very,
very useful.
Let's say simply,
you,
me one.
For example.
I'm trying to find job abortion through my pie transcript.
Right.
So you got somewhat put some something like Java abortion,
someone 0.6.
Something like that,
Right?
1st 1 I will Louise,
your job awash in variable.
Don't.
Fine.
First of all,
I will check whether job is there are not any given string.
If it is there,
I will get some non zero value.
I mean ah,
pause to index value.
Then I can say that Yes,
successfully.
IPhone The job on some java washing is there in a variable called iava washing.
Let's say I got in output.
Like while finding my job Abortion error while finding no,
If I try to look Java in the Java worsens variable you don't have.
That means you are unable to find your job washing with help off your logic somewhere
something wrong,
Right.
So to take some decision,
this value will be helpful.
Okay,
so just remember,
guys hardly use fine and now it is going to work while writing our scripts.
We will use this so that it will be clear or to use find operation.
Okay,
so they say is very,
very important in your real time.
Okay.
Yes.
Thank you for watching this video